[Music]
very good my dear lovers of the
heart I hope you are enjoying
the day and pay attention because I just read
some news on the other TV which you already know
is a part of our
internet portal me chavalería dot com okay my
chavalería points goal is a page that
we have free of course in case
anyone asks totally free
where you can access and well you
register participate here in the forum it
has a forum to give your opinion on all the
heart programs gossip
reality shows youtubers whatever you want
okay so a forum where you can
be all day long with
others and here you have the other TV which is
one of the sections that we have you click
on the other TV ESPN and it's news from
TV okay I'm telling you this so that
jce doesn't miss any of the content that
we make and that we have because it's non
stop they released this news today that
has left me shocked and you can also
see it with all the data the graphs
everything is perfect okay incredible incredible
save me yesterday it returned to minimums it
touched minimums with  wait a minute I'm
telling you
an 11-2
an 11-2 for
the lemon and a 12.5 with
even fewer viewers for the orange
my goodness the thing with belén had its lowest ever
rating with a million viewers
and a 12.2 share in the time slot it doesn't
matter what's on it doesn't matter what they've changed here with the cartoons the labels it's just nonsense I'm talking about renewing the logo renewing the logos and the whole story is there and the paraphernalia is what are you doing I don't know what they were thinking
at what point they thought that was going to
raise the audience can you imagine
people saying come on I don't care if
Kiko Hernández is there I don't care if
Jorge Javier is there I'm going to watch the
show again because today they put the logos
here that are very pretty and on top of that they are horrible
the truth is the truth is that they are horrible
we would be any director the
stringer we have the labels and such
more curious not that this has
become super tacky the positions super
super tacky family what am I going to tell you
this show now  It's ruined, there's
talk of a replacement and I'll tell you about it in
the next video. I send you a
big hug and until then
[Music]